address
email
phone
porfolio
github
linkedin

Summary
Since the day he wrote his first “Hello World”, coding became his passion and it offered him engaging challenge to continually learn and improve his skills in creating high-quality web applications. Experience in creating full stack application using MongoDB, Express, React and Node.


Skills
Techs
Html, css, sass, javaScript, reactJs nodejs, express,

Dev Tools
terminal, github, linux,  visual studio, sublime, firebase,digitalOcean, heroku, 
design Tools
figma, adobeXd photoshop

Projects.

Twitter Clone App

"The idea behind this project was to create a twitter-clone. It's a single page application that was build with reactJs as the front-end and node for the back-end"
Created an internal api to communicate and grab data from database
It has full user authentication using Json Web Tokens
Utilizes Twitter api to retrieve and display tweets
Responsive, user-friendly and used varius technologies, including the mern stack"
Learned how to create internal api and the full-stack process

Community App
The aim of this project was to create a platform that brings the community together. It's designed to connect close by neighbours in able for them to support each other when needed.
It has full user authentication and authorization using passport.js.
Used google maps api to display users in your residential area.
This application has search functionality if you're looking for a specific user or area.
Worked with mongoDB database to collect user data, CRUD with nodejs and express, SASS, javaScript and more.
Tested website and performed troubleshooting prior to live deployment.

Blog post App
Designed and developed a blog post website for a social media influencer.
includes admin panel where the client can add,update, and delete posts.
Built with a user authentication system using nodejs and passport
Responsive, user-friendly and used varius technologies.
Technologies used : nodeJs, express, mongoDB database , javaScript and more
Tested website and performed troubleshooting prior to live deployment.
Learned effective way to communicate with the client and meet deadlines. 


Education
the web developer bootcamp
70hr

React - The Complete Guide (incl Hooks, React Router, Redux)
50hr


